# Replacing Zhao
Zhao is trash. I dunno why the [[Warrior]] class is so useless, but I replaced him with a [[Fighter (Mon-yu)|Fighter]].

# Defeating Freyr
>The heroes recovered one of the stolen [[Clanniebe|Hidden Treasures]], [[Mjolnir]]!

Devil Kings can be re-fought to get a new evaluation.

Eternia:
>This Hidden Treasure, [[Mjolnir]], is known as The God's Pickaxe.
>A god in dragon form once used Mjolnir. It gouged the earth and smashed mountains. That was how the Land of Fairies was made.
>I shall grant you a fraction of that miraculous power.

>...O Eternal Intercessor, Dragon King...
>...The power of creation, hidden in the treasure thou entrusted to me...
>...Bestow unto these braves whom I have acknowledged...
>Shine light upon these heroes!

Received [[Mjolnir|Mjolnir's Power]] from the Queen!

Growth level cap increases to 7.

By Hidden Treasure Mjolnir's power, the 2nd level, [[Beastheim]], has been opened!
# Exploring Beastheim
Chuck:
>This is the dungeon of beasts, [[Beastheim]]. [[Devil King]] [[Fenrir]] is the one who rules here.

>I remember the [[Holy Knight Sieg|Holy Knight]] saying there are [[hidden doors]] everywhere.

Walls with lanterns hanging from them often hide things, like doors and [[Scarab Beetles]].

Chuck:
>The [[Holy Knight Sieg]] is the proudest knight I know!
...
>He's the one who taught me the history of the [[Yggdran|Dragon King's Tower]].
...
>However, the Holy Knight went missing during his adventure in the tower.
...
>Even though the Queen told me to forget about him, I believe we'll meet again! Oink!

Kinda sus.

Mimijii:
>Since long ago, the [[Mimic Clan]] has had but a single job.
>To procure materials for the construction of the tower, and to govern it well.

Probably [[Holy Knight Sieg]] encountered in Beastheim:
>AAH... GAH... URRRRGGGHHHH...

>W-who are...you...?
>It couldn't be... New... heroes?

>I don't want...to hurt you...

Probably being mind-controlled. Probably by Eternia.

After defeating Sieg:
>I can't die yet...
>I haven't fulfilled my duty...

Find [[Curious Clover|4 leaf clover]] that grants the [[power of miracles]] according to Momijii.

It took my MP when I touched it. ðŸ‘

Chuck says the Queen said Sieg was [[Charm|charmed]]
by the powers of darkness. Very likely the same power as the Lich from Entaku no Seito and the Mad King from Undernauts (who are also probably the same people).

Fenrir likes to eat the livers of the big monster birds.

Defeated [[Hrsvaelg]] (can't remember what it said, didn't take a picture) and obtained a Golden Liver.

# Completing Beastheim
Defeated [[Fenrir]].

>The heroes recovered one of the [[Clanniebe|Hidden Treasures]]: [[Mistilteinn]]!

Eternia:
>The Hidden Treasure, Mistilteinn, is known as "The Holy Tree's Protection".
>Once mere spirits of the land, the wandering souls of the fae...
>Were given body and life through the blessings of Mistilteinn.

>...O Eternal Intercessor, Dragon King...
>...The power of divine protection, hidden in the treasure thou entrusted to me...
>...Bestow unto these braves whom I have acknowledged...

Received [[Mistilteinn|Mistilteinn's Power]] from the Queen!

(This gives boosts from Undernauts.)

Growth level cap increases to 10.

Queen tells me to return for a special reward. Kinda sus.

She clearly kills someone and then feeds us a bunch of pork dishes. Kinda sus. Gives us the maximum HP/MP blessing for dying, too.

Chuck was killed for the meal and revived by the Queen?

By Hidden Treasure Mistilteinn's power, the 3rd level, [[Bonheim]], has been opened!

# Exploring Bonheim
Chuck:
>This is the dungeon of the revenant, Bonheim. [[Devil Kings|Devil King]] [[Hel]] rules here.
>Since this dungeon is just for the revenant, lots of Undead demons are around here.
>You can't really damage them with normal weapons.
>I recommend using weapons effective against the Undead or magic!
>One more thing. There are lots of demons who use magic around here.
>While battling them, that's when you use the [[Mistilteinn|Divine Protection Clan Skill]] and '[[Magic Defense]] Spell'.

Head Grave Keeper:
>Right now, Lord [[Hel]] is resting in the [[Valhalla Room]].

>Visit all the graves of the dead. When you do, count how many spirits rest upon the tombstones.
>Then bring back to me proof that you have done so.
>Do that, and I'll open the path!