So I did the stupid [[Bonheim]] puzzles. Took me like 1000 hours due to the pursing banshees being fucking retardedly strong. Defeated the [[Queen Banshee]] and started the fight with [[Hel]].

>The heroes recovered one of the stolen [[Clanniebe|Hidden Treasures]]: [[Gjallarhorn]]!

Eternia:
>Once, newly created by the hands of the gods, the Land of Fairies was covered with ice and snow...
>Then, with a joyous timbre, Gjallarhorn gave to us a warm springtime.
>It gave fairies the spirit of dance, and brought bountiful graces upon the earth.
>I shall grant you a fragment of that miraculous power.

>...O Eternal Intercessor, Dragon King...
>...The power of blessing, hidden in the treasure thou entrusted to me...
>...Bestow unto these braves whom I have acknowledged...

> By Hidden Treasure Gjallarhorn's power, the heroes can now use the [[Clan Skill|Boon]] Clan Skill!

Eternia:
> Despite what Chuck looks like, he's a full-fledged fae.
> He's settled down now, but he used to be a naughty child who played tricks on everyone.
> He'd do things like throw pig manure at the Holy Knight, or sit on the Royal Throne whenever he pleased.
> So I turned him into a pig as punishment.

Yoheim is opened.

# Exploring Yoheim
Mimijii:
>Mimics live for so long that their memory fades a bit as the times change.
>Mimics who remember the early days, such as myself, are now the minority.
>In other words, I'd be the perfect guide to lead you heroes up the tower!

Basically, [[Surtr]] runs some kind of tournament colloseum thing. The winner of the tournament receives an award and has to fight Surtr.