# Yoheim (cont.)
Enemies are members of the [[Giant Clan]].

Defeated the [[Altojunn]]? Got [[Champion Key]].

>[!quote] Surtr
>I am the giant king, Surtr. I command the demons of Yoheim.

[[Surtr]] is immune to physical attacks in his Fire form, but immune to magic in his Ice form.

>[!quote] Surtr
>The heroes recovered one of the stolen [[Clanniebe|Hidden Treasures]]: [[Laevateinn]]!

>[!quote] Eternia
>The Hidden Treasure, Laevateinn, is known as 'The Transcendent Wand'.
>
>Once, the weak fae cowered from a demon's mere shadow.
>
>Laevateinn miraculously gave the fairies the power to fight demons.
>
>...Though our power is nothing compared to yours.

Sus as fuck.

>[!quote] Eternia
>...O Eternal Intercessor, Dragon King...
>
>...The power of transcendence, hidden in the treasure thou entrusted to me...
>
>...Bestow upon these braves whom I have acknowledged...

Grants [[Clan Skill|Transcendence]] Clan Skill.

Growth cap is level 18.

You get a special reward. Seems like the special reward is always the HP/MP post-death blessing. Doesn't matter which one you choose here either.
# Exploring Magiheim
>[!quote] Sieg
>I must protect... the treasures...

>[!quote] Chuck
>But how does the Holy Knight revive no matter how many times he's defeated?
>The Secret Revival Magic granted by the Queen should have worn off by now.
>Maybe it's the power of darkness.

>[!quote] Eternia
>He is no longer a hero. As an enemy of the Land of Fairies, he is the same as a demon.
>
>I will think of a method to seal away his immortality.

>[!quote] [[Norn|The Goddess Statue]]
>The temple of spirits, where beautiful and mysterious fountains spring forth: Magiheim...
>Prayers are heard on the upper floor, purification is on the lower. The spirits live in the temple.
>They are a mystery behind human ken. Ye can't face them with normal weapons.
>Would ye fight them, ye should search for weapons effective against them.

I'll bet money that the Goddess Statue is [[Norn]]. When you ask who Norn is, they suggest they can't remember cause they've been there so long and lost their memory. Definitely Norn.

Introduced to [[Demon Haunts]] by [[Mimijii]].

Chased the fleeing boss [[Gold Golem]].

Have to collect magic words to disable the Valkyrie's invulnerability.

Got all the hints. Goddess of Fate. Defeated Valkyrie, retrieved Futurity Orb. Gonna get ready to fight Norn.

One of the easier boss fights.

>[!info]
>The heroes recovered one of the stolen [[Clanniebe|Hidden Treasures]]: [[Brisingamen]]!

>[!quote] Eternia
>This Hidden Treasure, Brisingamen, is known as 'The Pledge of Fire'.
>
>Brisingamen gives new power to those who pledge to it.
>
>Long ago, the traitorous [[Holy Knight Sieg|Holy Knight]] also used this wonder to gain the power of [[Law]] and [[Chaos]].

>[!quote] Eternia
>...O Eternal Intercessor, Dragon King...
>
>...The power of covenants, hidden in the treasure thou entrusted to me...
>
>...Bestow upon these braves whom I have acknowledged...

>[!info]
>By Hidden Treasure Brisingamen's power, the heroes abilities were enhanced!

Growth cap is 22.

Enhancing Heroes:
>[!info]
>With Brisingamen's power, heroes can be enhanced.

>[!info]
>Received [[Brisingamen]]'s Power from the Queen!
>
>With it, you can choose between 2 job types: Law and Chaos.
>
>Law will enhance the specialties of the hero's current job.
>
>Chaos will bring diversity to the hero's current job.

New items in stock at the store.