# Start of Game
[[Chuck]] wakes you up in the [[Hero Guild]].

>[!quote] Chuck
>It's the day when heroes can meet the [[Eternia]] who rules the Fae Village, [[Einheim]].

You go meet the queen, [[Eternia]].
# Meeting the Queen
The Queen implores you to venture into [[Yggdran]] and defeat the [[Devil Kings|Seven Devil Kings]] to save the [[Tir na Balc|Land of the Fairies]].

>[!quote] Eternia
>To increase their own power, each took one piece of the [[Clanniebe|Hidden Treasure]] [[Clanniebe]].

She gives you the [[Hero Crest]], which proves you are chosen by her.

>[!info]
>With Queen Eternia's permission, the 1st level, [[Demiheim]], has been opened!

>[!quote] Chuck
>Demiheim is ruled by a [[therianthrope]] - a [[beastman]] - Devil King named [[Freyr]].
# Entering Yggdran
[[Mimijii]] is encountered in [[Demiheim]].

>[!quote] Mimijii
>The skull-shaped symbols are [[enemy emblems]]. Coming in contact with one will trigger a battle."
An orange emblem will not move from its place.
A green emblem will move freely.
Purple emblems will chase you and are very strong.
>Blue emblems will run away from you and give lots of experience when defeated.

~~Ukabu is the boss of the first level.~~
Fake news. Ukabu is just an underling.

After defeating Ukabu, a [[Map Beetle|strange bug]] appears and reveals the map???

Mimijii explains that it's a Map Beetle and will reveal the full-sized map (in standard mode anyway).

>[!quote] Mimijii
>Freyr lives around here. He's the boss of the [[Goblins]] and the [[Harpies]].

Advice against Freyr:
- He's very nimble, so normal attacks won't hit him.

>[!quote] Mimijii (about the [[Homing Crystal]])
>We, the [[Mimic clan]], who manage this tower, will take you outside ourselves.

He's part of the Mimic clan.